I am running into an issue in Godot in which a script attached to an object is never executing. And I am reasonably confident in this because code in the _ready() method is supposed to execute when the object enters the Scene Tree, and a message is not being printed.

Sometimes this is because there is a compile error, the type the script is
decendent from is not the same as the type specified in the file.

I know I have tried to attach a compiling script to the prefab and to the instance in the main scene with no change in behavior.

At this point I intend to write down everything about a working version that I notice, and then compare that to what I notice about a non-working version.


#In AbsoluteBasics
1. I learned there is a detach script button. This may be useful in detaching and reattaching I may fix the issue.

2. Attaching the script to either the prefab or the instance does execute the script.

3. The Child object in the scene tree is of the type Node2D. And the script attached to it extends the type of Node2D.

4. The same is true of the Test Scene and its script.

It occurs to me now that the simple fact of the two objects I am dealing with are Node2D objects may be the root cause.

#In FBC999
1. Removing all code outside of the extends and ready() statements does extecute the code. The problem being that the code was previosuly in a class. I have no sense of whether that is going to pose a problem in the future.

#Conclusion
I know now that putting my code for the bird into a class was apparently the cuprit, as the ready message did print, but I am unclear what that means, as other parts of the code started throwing errors when I commented the class declaration. I will need to spend more time working with the basics to figure out who classes in GDScript work and how I am supposed to use them.
I am exuasted rn and am unable to tell what the two links below are trying to tell me about code in classes. There is a significant difference between Scripts and Scenes, and there are recommendations about how to use each, but I am not awake enough to really understand the difference.
I am unclear what I am being told. I would expect that to handle the movement of the bird I will need to write code but I cannot make heads or tails of the docs. 
I will need the caffiene to really understand this.
